Full GPU support for axom::Array (#695)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/core/docs/sphinx/core_containers.rst

  Range-based for loop over ArrayView c yields: 1 5 6 9 1 4
  Standard for loop over ArrayView c yields: 1 5 6 9 1 4

########################
Using Arrays in GPU Code
########################

Instead of writing kernels and device functions that operate on raw pointers, we can use ``ArrayView``
in device code. The basic "workflow" for this process is as follows:

  1. Create an ``Array`` allocated in device-accessible memory via either specifying an allocator ID
     or using a class template parameter for the desired memory space.
  2. Write a kernel that accepts an ``ArrayView`` parameter **by value**.
  3. Create an ``ArrayView`` from the ``Array`` to call the function.  For non-templated kernels
     an implicit conversion is provided.

The full template signature for ``Array`` (``ArrayView`` has an analogous signature) is
``Array<typename T, int DIM = 1, MemorySpace SPACE = MemorySpace::Dynamic>``.  Of particular interest
is the last parameter, which specifies the memory space in which the array's data are allocated.
The default, ``Dynamic``, means that the memory space is set via an allocator ID at runtime.

> .. note:: Allocating ``Array``s in different memory spaces is only possible when Umpire is available.

Author: I think in this case it's because the closing backticks are immediately followed by an `s` - I'll add a space between them that should fix that.

> .. note:: Allocating ``Array``s in different memory spaces is only possible when Umpire is available.

Reviewer: OK, however you choose to do that is fine with me.

> Setting the ``MemorySpace`` to an option other than ``Dynamic`` - e.g., ``MemorySpace::Device`` provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the ``MemorySpace`` to an option other than ``Dynamic`` (for example, ``MemorySpace::Device``) provides
```

a compile-time guarantee that data can always be accessed from a GPU.  "Locking down" the memory space at
compile time can help to prevent illegal memory accesses and segmentation faults when pointers are dereferenced
from the wrong execution space.

For example, a GPU kernel can require that its argument arrays be allocated in a specific memory space.

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/core_containers.cpp
   :start-after: _cuda_kernel_start
   :end-before: _cuda_kernel_end
   :language: C++

To illustrate how different memory spaces can be required, the inputs happen to be in unified memory and the output in

> device memory.

Reviewer: Suggestion: move this idea to before the code snippet, to just after line 174, and rephrase it as something like
"This following kernel requires its input arrays ``A`` and ``B`` to be in unified memory and its output array ``C`` to be in device memory."

The following snippet illustrates how one would create and initialize the inputs/outputs to this kernel.  Note
how a "Dynamic" ``Array`` can be converted into an ``Array`` whose memory space is locked down.

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/core_containers.cpp
   :start-after: _cuda_array_create_start
   :end-before: _cuda_array_create_end
   :language: C++

> 

Reviewer: What happens if the user does something like specify the memory space with a template parameter but provide an incompatible allocator?  (A compile-time failure would be awesome!)  I can see this happening through code modification or incremental development/debugging.

Author: In this case the incompatible allocator is ignored:
https://github.com/LLNL/axom/blob/6644fd6526506489e9f18962253875ba5af1d696/src/axom/core/Array.hpp#L647-L649

That being said, I still have a warning in this case:
https://github.com/LLNL/axom/blob/6644fd6526506489e9f18962253875ba5af1d696/src/axom/core/Array.hpp#L651-L661

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying.  Just as a suggestion, consider adding a sentence like

```suggestion
.. note:: Unless the Dynamic memory space is in use, the ``Array`` constructor will
          ignore an allocator ID that doesn't match its memory space, and in debug
          builds will print a warning at runtime.
```

  Range-based for loop over ArrayView c yields: 1 5 6 9 1 4
  Standard for loop over ArrayView c yields: 1 5 6 9 1 4

########################
Using Arrays in GPU Code
########################

Instead of writing kernels and device functions that operate on raw pointers, we can use ``ArrayView``
in device code. The basic "workflow" for this process is as follows:

  1. Create an ``Array`` allocated in device-accessible memory via either specifying an allocator ID
     or using a class template parameter for the desired memory space.
  2. Write a kernel that accepts an ``ArrayView`` parameter **by value**, not by reference or pointer.
  3. Create an ``ArrayView`` from the ``Array`` to call the function.  For non-templated kernels

>      an implicit conversion is provided.

Reviewer 2: >   Create an ``ArrayView`` from the ``Array`` to call the function.

Could we please spell this out a bit more explicitly in the discussion below?

One option here is to use the following `ArrayView` constructor -- 
```cpp
Array<int, 1, DEVICE> arr(n);
ArrayView(arr);
```

Another option is the implicit conversion that was mentioned.

Are there other ways?

Author: I've added a new section to the example + docs that gets into the explicit + implicit conversions to ArrayView before diving into the `add` kernel.

The full template signature for ``Array`` (``ArrayView`` has an analogous signature) is
``Array<typename T, int DIM = 1, MemorySpace SPACE = MemorySpace::Dynamic>``.  Of particular interest
is the last parameter, which specifies the memory space in which the array's data are allocated.
The default, ``Dynamic``, means that the memory space is set via an allocator ID at runtime.

> .. note:: Allocating ``Array`` s in different memory spaces is only possible when Umpire is available.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: It might be a good idea to link to Umpire. E.g. https://github.com/LLNL/umpire
